# Instructions for filling out this README.md file.

1. Complete each section.
2. Sign your name by typing it in below.  **Failure to sign will result in a significant loss of points.** 
3. **Do not delete these sections. If you received no help, etc. then say so in your acknowledgement.  You should provide an answer for each section.** 
4. Delete these instructions before submission.  Your README should start with the line containing the name of the assignment.

# multiuser-lab-assignment

**Name:** your_name_here

**Notes to TA:** Replace this text with any important notes to the TA 
about your work.  **If you have nothing to say, delete
this text and write "N/A".**


Acknowledgment of Receiving Assistance or Use of Others' Ideas
--------------------------------------------------------------
I received the following help, assistance, or any ideas from 
classmates, other knowledgeable people, books or non-course 
websites (please include a description of discussions with 
the TA or the instructor):

**replace_this_text_with_your_statement**


Record of Giving Assistance to Others
-------------------------------------
I gave the following help, assistance, or ideas to the following
classmates (please describe what assistance to whom was given 
by you):

**replace_this_text_with_your_statement**


Declaration
-----------
I declare that except for the assistance noted above, assistance 
provided on the course website, and material provided by the 
instructor and/or TAs that this is my original work.

I have neither given nor received an electronic or printed version
of any part of this code to/from anyone.

I declare that any program output submitted as part of the
assignment was generated by the program code submitted and not 
altered in any way.

SIGNATURE: **your_signature_here_via_typing_your_full_name**

